
               First Call for Posters RECOMB 2001


The Fifth Annual Conference on Research in Computational Molecular
Biology (RECOMB 2001), organized by Centre de recherches
mathematiques, Universite de Montreal, Canada, will be held at the
Wyndham Hotel.Montreal, on April 22-25, 2001 (note date change).

Invited speakers include George Church, Philip Sharp, Ruedi Aebersold,
Mark Adams, Roger Brent, Franz Lang, Klaus Lindpaintner, Yvonne
Martin and Mark Ptashne. Thirty-five other speakers were chosen out of
128 submitted abstracts.

POSTERS are sought reporting on original research (both theoretical and
experimental) in all areas of computational molecular biology.

Typical but not exclusive topics of interest include:

              * Genomics
              * Molecular sequence analysis
              * Recognition of genes and regulatory elements
              * Molecular evolution
              * Protein structure
              * Gene expression
              * Gene networks
              * Combinatorial libraries and drug design
              * Computational proteomics
              * Functional genomics

ABSTRACT SUBMISSION:

Two-page poster abstracts, preferably written in LaTeX though Word 
or other word-processing software is acceptable, must be submitted 
electronically to

                   posters@crm.umontreal.ca

The abstracts of accepted posters will be
published in book form and will be available at the meeting.
Instructions, intended to ensure consistent appearance, efficient handling
and timely publication, appear on the conference website

              http://recomb2001.gmd.de

along with an abstract template. Abstracts must be received by January
22, 2001; authors will be notified about acceptance before February 5,
2001.

Authors who cannot access the instructions or comply with
e-mail instructions should inquire to

                   posters@crm.umontreal.ca

well in advance of the deadline.

PRE-REGISTRATION

Early registration will be accepted until March 1, 2001.  Instructions for
electronic pre-registration can be found at the conference website.

                   http://recomb2001.gmd.de
